Windows finally has good battery life
let me show you this is the Asus VI book
S15 and it hasn't advertised 18 hours of
battery life when normal Windows laptops
like this in the past would have Max 15
hours probably less than 10 how did they
do that because it is powered by a
Snapdragon X Series chip which is super
power efficient you can add all of that
power with the new co-pilot plus and it
is freaking nuts how long this thing can
last and this isn't the only laptop that
now boasts full day full night battery
life clearly there's loads of buyin from
lots of the industry so if these are as
power efficient as advertised we're
going to see way more Windows laptop
that you can trust to last all day while
being much more capable for AI related
tasks and application and these will be
hitting shelves on June 18th AKA today
thanks to qualcon for sponsoring this
video